= Week Of Month

Week Of Month is a library which gives you week_of_month method on Date and Time 
class object, that returns week of the month. It basically extends the Date 
class with several useful date helpers.

== Getting Started

Week Of Month is released as a Ruby Gem. The gem is to be installed within a Ruby
on Rails. To install, simply add the following to your Gemfile:

  gem 'week_of_month'
  
== Usage
             
   it returns week split of that date's month
   
   Date.new(2012,1,1).week_split
  
     => [[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7],
         [8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14], 
         [15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21], 
         [22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28], 
         [29, 30, 31]]
  
   it returns month's week in which the date lies
    
   Date.new(2012,1,1).week_of_month
   => 1

   it return true if date lies in first week of month, else false.
       
   Date.new(2012,1,1).first_week?
   => true
   
   it returns true if date lies in second week of month, else false.
   
   Date.new(2012,1,9).second_week?
   => true
    
   it returns true if date lies in last week of month, else false.
  
   Date.new(2012,1,31).last_week?
   => true
  
   it returns total number of weeks in month.
  
   Date.new(2012,1,31).total_weeks
   => 5
  
  it returns month's week in which the date lies
   
  Date.new(2012,1,31).week_of_month_in_eng
  => "Fifth"
   
== Tools Being Used

  We believe strongly in not writing code unless we have to, so Week Of Month is built using

  Ruby Date Class
    
  Ruby Time Class

== Version History
  
  1.2.1
  
  Support for Time class
  
  Methods Adde

  name_of_week_day, name_of_month, week_end?, working_day?,
  all_sundays_in_month, all_mondays_in_month, all_tuesdays_in_month,
  all_wednesdays_in_month, all_thursdays_in_month, all_fridays_in_month,
  all_saturdays_in_month
  
  1.1.0
  
  ActiveSupport Dependency removed
  
  Methods Added
  
  january?, february?, march?, april?, may?, june?, july?,
  august?, september?, october?, november?, december?, last_day_of_month
  
== Contributing to Week Of Month

  Fork, fix, then send me a pull request.
  
== Copyright

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Sachin Singh. See LICENSE for details.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy 
of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal 
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights 
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION 
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
